README.md, before:

[drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HcyrGsCuS9KitdMhBuy1HHfNn0Dd5uDX?usp=sharing_eil_se_dm&ts=6785f736)



Two Kearns/2x2L System
(Any Pronouns)

Sound Design Resume

## Education
B. F. A. Design/Technology University of West Florida

B. A. S. Information System Technology Eastern Florida State College

## Tech Theatre
 - A Scar Is Born Sound Designer/Publicity Fringe Festivals Internationally (Started Orlando Fringe Festival)
 - Akeelah and the Bee Sound Designer University of West Florida
 - You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown Assistant Sound Mixer University of West Florida
 - Princess and the Pea Sound Designer/Lighting Designer/Sound Board Op Eastern Florida State College
 - From Tom to Tennessee A Series of 8 Selected One Acts by Tennessee Williams Sound Designer all 8 plays/Lighting Board Op 4 out of 8 plays Eastern Florida State College
 - The Tempest Sound Designer Eastern Florida State College
 - Ah, Wilderness Sound Designer Easter Florida State College
 - Lifespan of A Fact Sound Designer/Sound Board Op Eastern Florida State College
 - A Dream Play Sound Designer Eastern Florida State College
 - The Real Inspector Hound Sound Designer Eastern Florida State College
 - Publicity Manager of Video Material 2018-2019 &amp; 2019-2020 School Year Viera High

## Acting



## IT


## Special Skills

 - Video Editing
 - Videography
 - Photography
 - Working with Databases
 - Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite of Software

# Requirements

1. A Splash Page that Showcases work that you particularly want to spotlight
2. A Section For Sound Design Work
3. Either Brand Logo Or A Portfolio Piece on the Main Page
4. No Broken Links
5. Your Resume on It
6. A Section for your Sound Design Portfolio
7. A Section for Acting Portfolio
8. A Section for your Video Production Portfolio
9. A Section for your Information Technology Portfolio
10. A Section for Extras which showcase your Lighting, Directing, & and Playwrighting Portfolio
11. an About Me Section
12. list all shows it presents on Website With Production Team Credits
13. production photos to go along with the productions whenever possible
14. A Link Back to the Homepage and a Link Pack to the Previous Page of the Website Present on Each Page
15.	The Website’s Pictures Shall Be Able To Be Enlarged By Clicking On Them

16. A Vanity URL
        What URL do you want. 
- Acting Resume Available Upon Request


## Page Headings (Within Sound & Acting Subpages for Specific Productions)
1. Picture=Home
2. About; takedown as note get back together tomorrow to talk about
3. Resume; with resume downloadable as word document
4. Design (This can maybe go where Publications Section Was Originally) (Text Content Gathered)
   1. Akeelah and The Bee Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: There are no section photos for Akeelah and the Bee Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples:
   2. Princess & The Bee Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes there is a cue sheet for lighting a sound cue might be added in the future if that matter is ever sorted Is there Sound Samples: Yes
   3. From Tom To Tennessee  Is there a Photo: Is there Section Photos: Is there a Cue Sheet: Is there Sound Samples:
   4. The Tempest Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos:Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: Yes
   5. Ah, Wilderness Done as far as it can be done for time being  Is there a Photo: Main Section Photos acquired. For this show the main section photo for acting and sound design page is different. Is there Section Photos: Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: For the time being there will be no sound samples for Ah Wilderness. If you ever find the sound samples for ah wilderness sometime in the future update this section.
   6. Lifespan of A Fact Done as far as it can be done for the time being  Is there a Photo:Yes Is there Section Photos: There will be no section photos for this show Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: For the time being there will be no sound samples for Lifespan of A Fact. If you ever find the sound samples for lifespan of a fact sometime in the future update this section.
   7. A Scar is Born Partial Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: Yes
   8. A Dream Play Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: Yes only on acting version Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: There will be no sound samples for this show. 
   9. The Real Inspector Hound  Is there a Photo: Is there Section Photos: There will be no Section Photos for this show Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: There will be no sound samples for this show at least as of the current moment this could change in future if I found the radio recording voice overs that were used in this show. There is not much sound samples to pull from for this show since much of the sound design for this was practical, maybe that should be noted somewhere on the cue sheet for the show. Or within the concept statement of text information for the given show

5. Acting (This can maybe go where Creations Section was Originally) (Text Content Gathered)
   1. The Brothers Grimm Spectaculathon Is there a Photo: Are there Section Photos:
   2. War of the Worlds Is there a Photo: Yes Are there Section Photos: There are no section photos for War of the Worlds
   3. We Will Rock You Is there a Photo: Yes Are there Section Photos: No there is not any section photos right now there many be some if we can sort things out with social media but I am not sure if that is even possible.
6. Video (Text Content Gathered) Content Sorted
7. Information Technology (Text Content Gathered) Content Sorted
8. Directing (Text Content Gathered) Content Sorted
9. Playwrighting (This page has no text content so text content done) Content Sorted


## Wolves todo


- credit to Fox or DivineVulpes for the Brand Logo
    - Where should this go
    
## Scott Todo

- https://ahrefs.com/  review how to use tool to check for broken links and optimize in google search results
- google search console
- https://pragprog.com/titles/bhhugo/build-websites-with-hugo/


## Notes

- Format the Cue sheet for The Real Inspector Hound needs to be to work on the website, Same note Applies to Cue Sheet for A Scar is Born
- What to do about not being able to find any content to put on The Brothers Grimn Spectaculathon Page


## Questions

-Can I just remove the irrelevant subsections in director, producer, ex and just put the actual relevant text and files there or do the files that are there need to remain there in order to keep code working

## Outstanding Work

Commit message:

Princess and The Pea Designer Page Content

README.md, after:

[drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HcyrGsCuS9KitdMhBuy1HHfNn0Dd5uDX?usp=sharing_eil_se_dm&ts=6785f736)



Two Kearns/2x2L System
(Any Pronouns)

Sound Design Resume

## Education
B. F. A. Design/Technology University of West Florida

B. A. S. Information System Technology Eastern Florida State College

## Tech Theatre
 - A Scar Is Born Sound Designer/Publicity Fringe Festivals Internationally (Started Orlando Fringe Festival)
 - Akeelah and the Bee Sound Designer University of West Florida
 - You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown Assistant Sound Mixer University of West Florida
 - Princess and the Pea Sound Designer/Lighting Designer/Sound Board Op Eastern Florida State College
 - From Tom to Tennessee A Series of 8 Selected One Acts by Tennessee Williams Sound Designer all 8 plays/Lighting Board Op 4 out of 8 plays Eastern Florida State College
 - The Tempest Sound Designer Eastern Florida State College
 - Ah, Wilderness Sound Designer Easter Florida State College
 - Lifespan of A Fact Sound Designer/Sound Board Op Eastern Florida State College
 - A Dream Play Sound Designer Eastern Florida State College
 - The Real Inspector Hound Sound Designer Eastern Florida State College
 - Publicity Manager of Video Material 2018-2019 &amp; 2019-2020 School Year Viera High

## Acting



## IT


## Special Skills

 - Video Editing
 - Videography
 - Photography
 - Working with Databases
 - Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite of Software

# Requirements

1. A Splash Page that Showcases work that you particularly want to spotlight
2. A Section For Sound Design Work
3. Either Brand Logo Or A Portfolio Piece on the Main Page
4. No Broken Links
5. Your Resume on It
6. A Section for your Sound Design Portfolio
7. A Section for Acting Portfolio
8. A Section for your Video Production Portfolio
9. A Section for your Information Technology Portfolio
10. A Section for Extras which showcase your Lighting, Directing, & and Playwrighting Portfolio
11. an About Me Section
12. list all shows it presents on Website With Production Team Credits
13. production photos to go along with the productions whenever possible
14. A Link Back to the Homepage and a Link Pack to the Previous Page of the Website Present on Each Page
15.	The Website’s Pictures Shall Be Able To Be Enlarged By Clicking On Them

16. A Vanity URL
        What URL do you want. 
- Acting Resume Available Upon Request


## Page Headings (Within Sound & Acting Subpages for Specific Productions)
1. Picture=Home
2. About; takedown as note get back together tomorrow to talk about
3. Resume; with resume downloadable as word document
4. Design (This can maybe go where Publications Section Was Originally) (Text Content Gathered)
   1. Akeelah and The Bee Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: There are no section photos for Akeelah and the Bee Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples:
   2. Princess & The Bee Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes there is a cue sheet for lighting a sound cue might be added in the future if that matter is ever sorted Is there Sound Samples: Yes
   3. From Tom To Tennessee  Is there a Photo: Is there Section Photos: Is there a Cue Sheet: Is there Sound Samples:
   4. The Tempest Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos:Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: Yes
   5. Ah, Wilderness Done as far as it can be done for time being  Is there a Photo: Main Section Photos acquired. For this show the main section photo for acting and sound design page is different. Is there Section Photos: Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: For the time being there will be no sound samples for Ah Wilderness. If you ever find the sound samples for ah wilderness sometime in the future update this section.
   6. Lifespan of A Fact Done as far as it can be done for the time being  Is there a Photo:Yes Is there Section Photos: There will be no section photos for this show Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: For the time being there will be no sound samples for Lifespan of A Fact. If you ever find the sound samples for lifespan of a fact sometime in the future update this section.
   7. A Scar is Born Partial Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: Yes Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: Yes
   8. A Dream Play Done  Is there a Photo: Yes Is there Section Photos: Yes only on acting version Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: There will be no sound samples for this show. 
   9. The Real Inspector Hound  Is there a Photo: Is there Section Photos: There will be no Section Photos for this show Is there a Cue Sheet: Yes Is there Sound Samples: There will be no sound samples for this show at least as of the current moment this could change in future if I found the radio recording voice overs that were used in this show. There is not much sound samples to pull from for this show since much of the sound design for this was practical, maybe that should be noted somewhere on the cue sheet for the show. Or within the concept statement of text information for the given show

5. Acting (This can maybe go where Creations Section was Originally) (Text Content Gathered)
   1. The Brothers Grimm Spectaculathon Is there a Photo: Are there Section Photos:
   2. War of the Worlds Is there a Photo: Yes Are there Section Photos: There are no section photos for War of the Worlds
   3. We Will Rock You Is there a Photo: Yes Are there Section Photos: No there is not any section photos right now there many be some if we can sort things out with social media but I am not sure if that is even possible.
6. Video (Text Content Gathered) Content Sorted
7. Information Technology (Text Content Gathered) Content Sorted
8. Directing (Text Content Gathered) Content Sorted
9. Playwrighting (This page has no text content so text content done) Content Sorted


## Wolves todo


- credit to Fox or DivineVulpes for the Brand Logo
    - Where should this go

-Need to Find Actual Final Version of Sound Design Cue Sheet For Princess And The Pea
-Get Speaker Plot and Schedule for Lighting Design For Princess And The Pea
    
## Scott Todo

- https://ahrefs.com/  review how to use tool to check for broken links and optimize in google search results
- google search console
- https://pragprog.com/titles/bhhugo/build-websites-with-hugo/


## Notes

- Format the Cue sheet for The Real Inspector Hound needs to be to work on the website, Same note Applies to Cue Sheet for A Scar is Born
- What to do about not being able to find any content to put on The Brothers Grimn Spectaculathon Page


## Questions

-Can I just remove the irrelevant subsections in director, producer, ex and just put the actual relevant text and files there or do the files that are there need to remain there in order to keep code working

## Outstanding Work
